---
title: PAD-UFES Project
author: [Gabriel Schettino]
date: [2023-03-14 18:32:00 -0300]
categories: [Projects]
tags: [PAD, Cancer, Healthcare]
---
## About the Project:
The PAD-Ufes program has been operating for over 30 years with the objective of providing information, early diagnosis, and treatment for skin cancer to people in 11 municipalities in the state of Espírito Santo, Brazil. The team of volunteers includes professors, technicians, and students from various courses, such as medicine, computer science, and chemical engineering. As a developer, I am currently working on producing a new platform for the program, which is named "Dermatological Analysis Software" (SADE, in portuguese), and will improve the way consultations and surgeries are organized, allowing for more efficient and effective care for those in need.

### Program Overview

The PAD-Ufes team organizes consultation and surgical events in different regions, allowing for access to healthcare for people who may not otherwise have access to medical care. During these events, volunteers provide information about prevention and perform diagnostic exams, allowing for early detection of skin lesions. They also perform minor surgeries, reducing the need for more invasive treatments and improving the quality of life for those in need.

### My Role in the Project
As a PADTech developer at UFES, I am currently working with other 4 students on producing a new platform for the program. The platform will improve the organization of consultations and surgeries, making it more efficient and effective. This will enable the program to reach more people and provide better care for those in need. By working on this project, I am contributing to the improvement of healthcare access and quality of life for people in underserved areas.
